=head1 NAME

CIBarcode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package adds a barcode to the PDF version of a config item (generated via config item print).

=head1 CONFIGURATION

After installation you can configure the module via SysConfig in the admin area. Config options:

=over 4

=item * CIBarcode::BarcodeType

This option defines what type of barcode is printed in the PDF version of the config item. Currently four types are supported.

=over 4

=item * EAN8

=item * EAN13

=item * QR

=item * Code39

=back

Even though the SysConfig defines only four supported barcode types, this packages should support all barcode types that can be generated with the Perl module C<GD::Barcode>. You can add those types by editing I<Kernel/Config/Files/CIBarcode.xml>.

=item * CIBarcode::BarcodeAttribute

Defines which config item attribute is encoded in the barcode. Please note that EAN8 and EAN13 barcodes can handle only numeric attributes that are not longer than the number in the name (EAN8: 8-digit numbers, EAN13: 13-digit numbers).

=item * CIBarcode::BarcodeCIURL

If you use QR codes you can encode the config item URL in the barcode. If this option is enabled, it overrides the value of C<CIBarcode::BarcodeAttribute>.
If you have not chosen QR as the type, this is automatically set.

=item * CIBarcode::RebuildBarcode

If enabled, the barcode is rebuilt when the barcode type or the attribute changed.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This package was written by Renee Baecker E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

The package is licensed under AGPL. If you did not receive this file, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt.
